README.md, before:

## Data Analyst Portfolio ****BETA****

Repository containing portfolio of data science projects completed by me for self learning purposes. Presented in the form of iPython Notebooks.


# Content


Data Visualization:
- Foreign Tourism in Spain Project: Study in python about the Tourism from 2001 to 2018

Data Cleaning:
- US Census data cleaning exercise at Codecademy

Machine learning
- Predict Titanic Survival: Codecademy prokect using Machine Learning to predict if a passenger survived using Logistic Regression.

Decision Trees
- Find the Flag: Codecademy project using Decision Trees to predict the continent of flags based on features like color and shapes.

Linear Regression
- Yelp Rating Regression Predictor: Codecademy project using a sample data from Yelp to predict the Yelp rating of a restaurant.

Web Scraping and data cleaning:
- Turtle Shelter: small Codecademy practise where data from a website is converted into a dataframe.
- Chocolate_scraping: Codecademy project, using Beautiful Soup to build a pandas dataframe from a website with 1700 reviews of cholcate bars.

SQL in Python:
- Exercise from IBM Cognitive Class, learning how to use SQL with Python.

Commit message:

Updated Coursera project and Readme

README.md, after:

## Data Analyst Portfolio ****BETA****

Repository containing portfolio of data science projects completed by me for self learning purposes. Presented in the form of iPython Notebooks.


### Content


Data Visualization:
- Foreign Tourism in Spain Project: Study in python about the Tourism from 2001 to 2018
- Coursera: Data Visualization Assignment. Using Matplotlib to visualize Data Science Survey; Folium to visualized in a map the crime in San Francisco

Machine learning
- Predict Titanic Survival: Codecademy project using Machine Learning to predict if a passenger survived using Logistic Regression.
- Perceptron Logic Gates: Codecademy project using perceptrons to model the fundamental building blocks of computers.
- Predicting Income: Codecademy project, using random forest to predict whether or not a person makes more than $50,000.

Decision Trees
- Find the Flag: Codecademy project using Decision Trees to predict the continent of flags based on features like color and shapes.

Linear Regression
- Yelp Rating Regression Predictor: Codecademy project using a sample data from Yelp to predict the Yelp rating of a restaurant.

Web Scraping and data cleaning:
- Turtle Shelter: small Codecademy practise where data from a website is converted into a dataframe.
- Chocolate_scraping: Codecademy project, using Beautiful Soup to build a pandas dataframe from a website with 1700 reviews of cholcate bars.
- US Census data cleaning exercise at Codecademy

SQL in Python:
- Exercise from IBM Cognitive Class, learning how to use SQL with Python.
